feedback on book styling (#108)
terraref/tutorials: index.Rmd

This book is intended to quickly introduce users to TERRA REF data through a series of tutorials. TERRA REF has many types of data, and most can be  accessed in multiple ways. Although this makes it more complicated to learn (and teach!), the objective is to provide users with the flexibility to access data in the most useful way.

> 

Author: using the section collapsing in the table of contents will collapse all of the sections except for the ones in the index.Rmd (I'm not sure why honestly). I condensed the number of top level headers in this chapter to make the TOC styling look better

* Software:
    + Software requirements vary with the tutorials, and may be complex

### User Accounts and permission to access TERRA REF data

> We have tried to write these tutorials using open access sample data sets. However, access to much of the data will require you to 1) fill out the TERRA REF Beta user questionaire ([terraref.org/beta](terraref.org/beta)) and 2) request access to specific databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first few chapters in the 'vignettes' section use publicly available sample data sets.
Subsequent sections are also written to use publicly available data sets, but some of the examples require data that requires users to sign up.
To sign up, you will need to 1) fill out the TERRA REF Beta user questionaire ([terraref.org/beta](terraref.org/beta)) and 2) request access to specific databases.
```

The TERRA REF Technical Documentation: [docs.terraref.org](docs.terraref.org)

### Finding help

> - Slack at terra-ref.slack.com ([signup](https://terraref-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Slack at terra-ref.slack.com ([signup](https://terraref-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/)).
```
